like Sun amazing unveil of the 66 Ford
Mustang in the Napa booth I'm joined by
Brendan Devas from Martinson or paints
as well as Chris Carlson from Chris
Carson hot rods who built this great
ride I'm gonna start with you Brandon
let's talk about the paint from Martin
Sonora
this is a new line for you guys yes
brand new line are rotten restoration
custom line is a phenomenal new line of
to over 200 colors that really show off
some of the greatest muscle car colors
some of our greatest line of colors
really optically enhanced really great
flake pigments additives that really
bring the paint to life and for this rod
and restoration is that like om colors
or custom colors what is it it's a great
mixture it's a great mixture of some of
those old great muscle car collars the
OEM colors have been restyled for
today's color pigments over 200 colors
in just the rod restoration or is that
the entire line I mean you guys have
been around a long time correct we've
been around for 85 years
Martin senior is the proud paint line of
napa auto parts and we have thousands of
colors available to our enthusiasts and
builders and customers all across the
United States so this line just a few of
our favorites to show off on special
projects that's really cool for you guys
to get involved with these guys that are
building these routers and everything
what made you guys want to do it oh it's
just a passion it's a passion we have
for the businesses the passion they have
for the business so when you find great
customers like Chris who's been loyal to
our brand it's just so much fun to get
involved in one of these projects from
start to scratch from inception from the
drawings seeing it all throughout the
build process the back and forth
designing customizing and just watching
it happen and then coming here to SEMA
to avail it there's nothing like it well
you know why Chris Carlson that's going
to be pretty cool to have a company back
here that seems as passionate about this
as you are and you built this beautiful
ride you've had a long-standing
relationship with these guys so what was
it like picking the paint color you know
the paint color it really came down to
my wife she picks it and I'm notorious
for tweaking my colors so we actually I
the new rotten restoration deck it's
amazing I knew what they were going to
do with it and I really wanted to push
some promotion so we went through that
deck several several times
shot a lot of spray panels out and this
is actually truly straight out of their
day
so you know this came down to your wife
because you built this car for your wife
right and it took you a while I think
right and so what is the name of this
car good karma and why my wife's name is
karma and of course it's good karma so a
lot of builds are a real pain you start
getting into them so we went back and
forth whether it was gonna be called bad
karma or good karma so it ended up being
good karma the car came together great
I'm very proud of this vehicle and in
our team of doing it I'm also very proud
of being with Napa and Martin senior
those guys have just gone over and above
for us when you build some crazy rides I
know I've seen a couple of them what did
you give your wife here exactly well we
gave her a 66 Mustang we ended up
reshaping the whole front nose we're
trying to keep it looking like a regular
Mustang I didn't want it to be too
freaky so we changed the quarter panels
a little bit just raised them and
enhanced them everything's just enhanced
a little bit thinking about what this
car would have looked like today if Ford
would have manufactured it today we
redid the sides we did some bigger
fender flares on it
we made the scoops a little bit more
enhanced like a road race car would be
so it's it's got just a neat flare to it
all the way around it's got the flush
mounted glass chopped top so it's got a
lot of lot of aspects to it and back to
the paint what color did you pick it's a
red velvet and then you did something
extra for your wife right well I added
just a little bit of glitter in the
center so yeah she likes a lot of flake
so I did a center stripe on it
leadership and we bling the shifter so
well I know you guys want to check out
this stuff we're all car builders out
there so go to Martinson or - auto paint
calm
you